= Resftul Press

Ruby client for the Resful Press API. Uses the YAJL library for fast JSON decoding.

== About Restful Press

Restful Press is an automated service for converting your app's views into PDFs. There is no special PDF DSL required.
You simply write your views in HAML, ERB or Mustache as you always have and Restful Press takes care of the rest.

Each request to render your PDF is referred to as a *job* by the Restful Press service. This client follows that nomenclature.

== Install

  gem install restful_press
  
== Usage

=== Initialize the client

  require 'restful_press'
  ➔ true
  
  RestfulPress::Client.set_credentials('my_api_key')
  ➔ true
  
=== View your jobs

  RestfulPress::Client.get_jobs
  ➔ [{:complete=>false, :id=>9, :filename=>"export.pdf"}, {:complete=>true, :id=>10, :filename=>"products.pdf"}]
  
  RestfulPress::Client.get_job(9)
  ➔ {:complete=>false, :id=>9, :filename=>"export.pdf"}
  
  RestfulPress::Client.job_url(9)
  ➔ "http://restfulpress.com/jobs/9/download"
  
  RestfulPress::Client.job_complete?(9)
  ➔ false
  
=== Deleting jobs

  RestfulPress::Client.delete_job(9)
  ➔ true
  
=== Creating Jobs

  RestfulPress::Client.add_job(:html_doc => "<html><h1>Hello,</h1> this is a test</html>", :pdf_options => { :page_size => "Letter" })
  ➔ true
  
Note: For a full list of supported PDF options, please see the *Supported PDF Options* section of this document

== Integration with Rails

Coming soon.

== Supported PDF Options

Coming soon.

== Dependencies

* {yajl-ruby}[http://github.com/brianmario/yajl-ruby] (Ruby wrapper around the great {yajl}[http://lloyd.github.com/yajl])
* {rest-client}[http://github.com/archiloque/rest-client]

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Gemini SBS. See LICENSE for details.

== Authors

* {Mauricio Gomes}[http://github.com/mgomes]
